Kameron Gill
kgill2@ucsc.edu
1476833
CMPE 12: Section 01J
Lab 1:Intro to Logic with Multimedia Logic

Purpose:
  The purpose of this lab was to get us to be familiar with the software: Multimedia Logic. Also, to familiarize ourselves with binary and also circuits.


  Procedure:

Part A:
      For Part A, we simply connect a switch to an LED. By turning the switch on, the LED turns on. The purpose of this part is familiarize ourselves with the program
Part B:
      For Part B, we create a more complex circuit. WE connect 4 switches to 4 LEDS and also to an LED displaying a number
      This helps us learn the Binary System because if 1 switch is on, 1 is displayed, 2 switches 3, 3 switches 7, etc.
Part C:
      For Part C we created a Truth table using AND OR gates. I used my pre-existing knowledge from CE-16 in order to create
      the right truth table
Part D:
      For Part D, we created a guessing game from number 0 to 3. We would push a button and then use switches in order to guess
      the right number in binary


  Questions:

Think about how you would make the digit display if you didn’t have one. Write out how you
would approach doing so.

Well, in Part B we saw an LED that did display the number, so we could us that for Part D.
However if we did not have access to this feature I would use LEDS to it. Its going to be very long
but if we put down 8 LEDS and then hooked all of them to AND gates we could get the right amount of LEDS to
light to represent our desired number. For example, if we wanted to display 1, we hook up 1 switch directly to a light and thats it.
To display 3, we could hook switch 1 and switch 2 to an AND gate and then the output would be 3 LEDS.


 Make some sort of guess on how that random number generator works? How can things be
really random in a computer with logic gates being so, well, logical?

I am guessing, each time we press the button the number that is set in the generator is reset.
From what I understand, computers are not really random, or "true random." I know other language (Java, C, python, etc)
have API that allows randomness. I am going to guess It is another AND/OR/NANO gates in use. It might even follow a set pattern


Results/Analysis

This Lab helped me to understand the Mutlimedia Logic software and also understand binary, circuits, AND/OR/NANO gates a bit more. WE had to utilize all of
these in order to complete the lab. The hardest part of this lab was construction the Truth Table, but I used previous knowledge in CE-16 in order
to create the right equation.
