Kameron Gill
1476833
kgill2@ucsc.edu
CMPE 12: Section 01J

Lab 2:Adding and Subtracting

Purpose:
    The purpose of this lab is to familiarize oneself with combinational logic circuit
    and also learn more of the circuits.

Part 1: Registrar:
    For this part, we created a registrar that was meant to store the data from the adders.
    I had some difficulty in knowing what exactly to input and output. I asked on piaza and realized, I'm
    supposed to input the adder result.

    Actually building the registrar was fairly simple. I copied the D FLipFlop given in the example and recreated
    it 6 times. I put in a reciever for resetting and also to store. These would help determine when to store the numbers
    or tell the FlipFlop to wipe its data. Once again not that hard of a part, I did not need to
    debug this part at all


Part 2: input
  I had difficulty with this part. I did not really know what exactly was needed for the UI.
  I knew there was a keypad that was needed and display, but I wasn't too sure how to form it.
  I looked at piazza and found a diagram, which I then copied. I had three recievers connected to the
  keypad, while i had 3 switches on the page. One switch was to decide to subtract or add, the other was to store, and the
  final one was to reset. Then i had a 7-segment light display the number and finally, the total display

Part 3: Adder

    I copied the adder from the book. Its basically just a XOR and AND gate. And I made 6 of these full adders
    and then connected them. This does the adding/subtracting

Part 4: invertor
    This part is very crucial for subtracting at least. And is also why we used 6 bits instead of 4 bits
    We do 2-bits complement in order to find the answer in the circuits and this is where 6 bits and my inverter
    comes to play. Basically I had a switch that determines add or subtracting, so when I switch it,
    the mux determines which input is the best one. the 2-compliment or the correct one. So i have 6 2-1 MUX in order to do this
    because we are determining 6-bits of numbers.


When i subtract a smaller number from a larger number, i get a weird answer like 3F or 3E. It does not make much sense to me.
